# Fog Deployment,Testing and Visualisation Platform

Fog Computing deployment visualisation and optimisation platform that allows custom deployments to be created, optimised and visualised in a graph visualisation page.

## Java Core Code

The heart of the deployment optimisation and visualisation tool is the Java code modified from my previous project on [FogOfThings](https://github.com/nandor1992/FogOfThings)

The Java Deployer has a maven build xml added to it to speed up the use of the tool. Have also compiled the JAR file for ease.
This can be found in the [target](/JavaDeployer/target) folder as [fog_deployer-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar](/JavaDeployer/target/fog_deployer-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar).

The code was originally meant to be deployed on a spark cluster to which the original version can be found at the repo.
This version is designed to be run for testing and further deployment. The Python code serves as an example of how it can be used.

## Python Runtime

The python noteboook [Python_Runtime.ipynb](/Python_Runtime.ipynb) showcases how the Java code can be used for cross platform development. 
It can also be used to create scenarios and evaluate the platform and methods. 

## Deployments

Sample deployment can be found in the [deployments](/deployments) folder.

## HTML Graphic Visuliser

The graphic visualiser is needed as with the scale increase it is difficult to understand and visualise results. This is based on [vis.js](https://visjs.org/).

The visualiser can be run by opening the html pages. 
There is also a static simple example that requires no data.

- Main Page: [index.html](/Web/index.html)
- Simple example Page: [example.html](/Web/example.html)

# Referencing and Publications

Please use the below papers and thesis to cite and get a better understanding of this work. 
They a good overview of the methods and results generated by the code.

1. Main Paper under Review - To Be Followed

2. Verba, N., Chao, K. M., James, A., Goldsmith, D., Fei, X., & Stan, S. D. (2017). Platform as a service gateway for the Fog of Things. Advanced Engineering Informatics, 33, 243-257.

3. Verba, N., Chao, K. M., Lewandowski, J., Shah, N., James, A., & Tian, F. (2019). Modeling industry 4.0 based fog computing environments for application analysis and deployment. Future Generation Computer Systems, 91, 48-60.

4. Verba, N., Chao, K. M., James, A., Lewandowski, J., Fei, X., & Tsai, C. F. (2017, November). Graph analysis of fog computing systems for industry 4.0. In 2017 IEEE 14th International Conference on e-Business Engineering (ICEBE) (pp. 46-53). IEEE.

